hey everyone welcome back to my apples
own and in this video I'm going to be
answering questions that you guys have
submitted so let's get started
so this first question comes from GC
flames 33 does the smart cover work with
the first-generation iPad the answer is
no the ipad 2 has magnets built into the
frame so the smart cover will only work
with the ipad 2 and not the first
generation ipad next question comes from
a response to the video i did about the
15-inch macbook pro it comes from flashy
reviews pretty cool name how are you
trading your macbook pro in for the new
15-inch MacBook Pro the answer that
question is i don't know because i'm
still doing some testing amazing
geekbench and I movie and some other
applications to compare the performance
of the my macbook pro which is what was
the previous generation to the new
15-inch MacBook Pro and once I do those
tests then I'll decide but if I do
upgrade you guys will be the first to
know the next question was submitted by
v IQ XD it's also about the new macbook
pros the question is will the battery
life be affected by the new Intel Sandy
Bridge processors and the answer is yes
the new core i5 and core i7 processors
use intel turbo boost to point out
technology that boosts the speed to a
higher gigahertz on the previous
generation processors that draws more
power so battery life will be reduced
but also apple is using a much more
stringent battery testing methodology so
the battery tests that are posted on
apple's website are going to be slightly
lower because they're using much more
aggressive tests so next question is
from Jason studios how did you get the
triple monitor setup on your macbook pro
and are the two displays linked or
separate these three displays are all
linked that means there it's one huge
display so I have all this screen real
estate and I'm doing that with the
matrox dual head to go if you search the
channel for dual monitors or matrix
you'll see a video that I did think
about a month ago that explains exactly
how I was able to do that the matrix
dual had to go is a great product
so check out the video and it explains
exactly how this monitor setup works
next question is from mr. fusion 97 how
can I know what software you use to
record on your Mac I use ScreenFlow and
I movie I use ScreenFlow to do a screen
capture video and I use iMovie to do all
mine editing all my effects transitions
titles so even if I record a video on
screen flow I usually import it into
iMovie and do the final editing in
imovie so ScreenFlow and I movie are the
two applications that use to record and
it in my videos another iphone 5
question I've heard about a physical
keyboard for the next generation iphone
5 there were some rumors that apple
would include a physical keyboard with
the next generation iphone don't know
what they're going to call it the iphone
5 or iphone 4g but those rumors are not
true there are a bunch of android phones
that i'll use touchscreen technology
Apple's use touchscreen technology since
the introduction of the iphone and
they'll continue to do so so there's not
going to be a physical keyboard with the
next generation iphone and the last
question do you think the iphone 5
screen is going to be bigger that was
submitted by Brummie tarts from eat art
says do you think the new screen on the
iPhone 5 is going to be bigger most
definitely there are a bunch of Android
phones out there with larger screens so
i think it's a it's a definite that the
next generation iphone will have a
larger screen so those are all the
questions that i have in this video if
you guys have any questions leave a
comment down below I answer all
questions I really appreciate everybody
so many of these questions and again you
guys I appreciate you stopping by if you
like this video please give it a thumbs
up please support the channel until next
time I will talk to you later